HOOK: I woke up at 1:52 AM, heard the door handle twist, and spent the entire night paralyzed in fear while someone prowled through my house.

I was browsing through channels aimlessly when I heard the living room door handle twist. Alert like a cat I turned around and stared at it. Nothing was happening, but something told me to keep staring. After a minute, not only did I hear the same twist, but I also saw the motion. I was startled. My brain was working like a marathon runner. Maybe if I max the TV's volume the possible intruder will know there's someone inside wide awake, right? I cranked up the volume and just sat there on the couch, waiting for my parents or brother to wake up and complain. In retrospect, I should have just gone ahead and awakened them.

After 10 minutes of loud TV, no one woke up, nothing else happened, I figured the intruder gave up. I turned off the TV and went to bed. I shared a room with my brother and it made me feel safer knowing he was right there with me. My body takes a while to sleep, like a steam engine. Ten minutes float by and I hear the kitchen door crack open ever so slightly. FUCK, why didn't I check to see if the doors were locked, fuck, fuck, fuck. I heard footsteps in the hallway. My heart was pounding. What does the intruder want? Money? We're poor as fuck, the most valuable thing we have here is the com— I heard the footsteps walk towards the office. I was staring at the ceiling, paralyzed and hyper-attentive. I heard some rattling that sounded too familiar, like when you're dragging a computer with all the cables still connected to the machine.

Even though it was a slow piece of shit, back then it was really a top-notch state of the art computer. I didn't want to lose it, but there was nothing I could do while mentally strapped to my bed. Something else squeaked and banged. I heard footsteps closing in the hallway again, which is the most important part of the house, it lead to everyone's room. Is he going to rape my mother and kill my father? No, please don't, are you going to kill us? What is he going to do, what can I do, what should I do? With each footstep, my heart rate multiplied. I couldn't move even if I wanted to.

I saw his shadow go by through the corner of my eye. I shed tears as I peed my pants like a scared animal. The footsteps walked towards the kitchen. After a few seconds the kitchen's door banged close. Did he go away? Is it safe?

I couldn't move, I was still frozen and hyper-attentive. I never slept that night, I stayed wide-awake until my mother woke up. At which time I roamed around the house trying to find out what he stole. Nothing! Nothing stolen. Nothing? The computer moved to the side a little, but still there. I told my mother what happened, she shrugged and said I probably dreamed it.

After that night I lock up the whole house every day before going to bed, and I double check it too.

SOURCE: Reddit (r/NoSleep)